Generate GitHub connector from OpenAPI spec (#288)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-github: docs/license.txt

> // Copyright (c) 2023, WSO2 Inc. (http://www.wso2.org) All Rights Reserved.
> //
> // WSO2 Inc. licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
> // Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
> // in compliance with the License.
> // You may obtain a copy of the License at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Copyright (c) 2024, WSO2 LLC. (http://www.wso2.org).
//
// WSO2 LLC. licenses this file to you under the Apache License,
// Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except
// in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
```
